README.md, before:

jsqis: Javascript Quantum Information Simulator
===============================================

jsqis, at its core, is a [quantum
computer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_computer) simulator
written in Javascript.  It allows initialization of quantum registers
and their manipulation by means of [quantum
gates](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_gate).

Additionally, when used in the browser, jsqis provides a lucid visual
representation of a system of quantum bits.  This representation is
mathematically precise, allowing people to reason about quantum
computing without having mastered any topics in mathematics.

This package is meant for both instructional purposes and self
learning through experimentation.  It was originally implemented as a
visual aid for a [presentation about quantum
computing](http://www.meetup.com/Los-Angeles-Hacker-News/events/81455742/)
given at the LA Hacker News Meetup.

Install instructions
--------------------

After cloning, you will need to use git-submodule to check out the
various dependencies.

    $ git clone https://github.com/garrison/jsqis.git
    $ cd jsqis
    $ git submodule init
    $ git submodule update

Getting started
---------------

See docs/features.html once the dependencies are installed.

Authors
-------

* Jim Garrison

Commit message:

use npm for dependencies, not git-submodule

README.md, after:

jsqis: Javascript Quantum Information Simulator
===============================================

jsqis, at its core, is a [quantum
computer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_computer) simulator
written in Javascript.  It allows initialization of quantum registers
and their manipulation by means of [quantum
gates](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_gate).

Additionally, when used in the browser, jsqis provides a lucid visual
representation of a system of quantum bits.  This representation is
mathematically precise, allowing people to reason about quantum
computing without having mastered any topics in mathematics.

This package is meant for both instructional purposes and self
learning through experimentation.  It was originally implemented as a
visual aid for a [presentation about quantum
computing](http://www.meetup.com/Los-Angeles-Hacker-News/events/81455742/)
given at the LA Hacker News Meetup.

Install instructions
--------------------

After cloning, you will need to use npm to install the various
dependencies.

    $ git clone https://github.com/garrison/jsqis.git
    $ npm install

There is not yet a system for building/distributing jsqis through npm,
however.  (Patches/gulpfiles welcome!)

Getting started
---------------

See docs/features.html once the dependencies are installed.

Authors
-------

* Jim Garrison
